ise] uorsus roonnnrru rnaooon noanon. 207

aooord, accordare, to opree; aoouse, accusare, to
charge against ooe; admire, admirari, ιο wonder ot,·
adulation, idulifion, flottery, sowaiap (this is from
adulari, which probably means to wop ιΙιο toil, like a
dog-benuo to sowa); adverse, adversus (from adver-
tere), turned aquino& advise, ad visum, towards ιοιιαι
meras beot (visum the aecusative neuter of the parti·
ciple from videre, to see, in the passive, ιο seem); alb,
alba (from albus, wli-ite), ο ιοΙιιιο priestly oestmeot,
altar, altim- (N. altare), a bigla ploce (from altus, tipo),
altereation, altercator, o disputa· ambition, amblflfin,
going orouad, te. going around electioneering (from
ambire, to ρο orouad); angle, angulus, ο coruom· beati-
tudo, N. beatitudo (stem beatitudis, from δεξιὼ,
blessed), blessedness,· benign, benignus, tiua- oanoel,
cancellare, ιο drow liaeo across ο deod (from cancellus,
aprutino), candid, candidus, shiaiop, clear.

Iu like manner find the derivation ol the following:
cessation, eession, client, collation, oolleot, oollege,
commission, oompose, oonoord, oondeaeend, conjure,
consent, conspire, oontemn, damn, declaro, decline,
depend, deposit, descend, disoeno, effect, eloquent,
eroel, exoept, exoess, false, firm, fraution, fraoture,
fragment, furtive, humid, ignore, image, imagine, im-
bibe, immortal, implore, import, impugn, indiot, infer,
innocent, intercede, interjection, invoke, jurisdiction,
malediction, malign, maritime, mediator, meridiari,
mobile, modest, motion, multitude, nature, note, nu-
meration, obscure, ooour, omnipotent, oppress, orator,
oration, perjure, perturb, prelude, prove, proverb, pro
voke, pure, purgo, radical, refer, regent, repugnant,

 

