ιω] mm erens Aa naaman wenna 203

incurvato, indicate, indurate, inebriate, infatuate,
inflate, initiate, innata inoculate, insinuate, inspissate,
instigate, intercalate, interpolate, interrogate, intimi-
date, intricate, investigate, inveterate, invocate, irra
diate, irrigate, irritata, iterate, laaerate, legitimate,
liberate, librate, lieentiate, liquidate, locate, lubricate,
Ἴ macerate, maculate, matriculate, mediate, medicata,
meditate, meliorata migrate, militate, mitigate, moder·
ate, modulate, mutilate, negotiata, nominate, obdurate,
obfuseate, obliterate, obstinate, obviate, operate, ordi-
nate, oscillate, osculate, palpitate, participate, peculate,
penetrate, perambulate, percolata, perforate, permeate,
perpetrate, populate, postulate, predicate, premeditato,
preponderate, prevaricata, procrastinata, procreate,
profligate, promulgate, propagate, pulsate, punctuate,
reduplicate, refrigerate, regenerata, relegata, remon-
strate‚ remunerate, renovate, reprobate, repudiate, re-
suscitate, retaliate, reverberate, ruminate, sate (merely

a short form for satiate), satiate, saturata, sedate, ·

segregate, separate, simulate, situate, stagnate, stimu-
late, subjugate, suffocate, supplicate, suppurata, surro-
gate (a noun), tolerate, triplicate, triturate, truncate,
variegate, ventilate, vibrate, vindicate, violate.

8. Fnon Snnns 1n e.

a. The present stem used a· an English word.

abhor, absorh, adhere, coerce, where, condole, deride,
despond, deter, provide, subside.

b. 'l'he stem of the present pnnoiple used aa· an
English word„

 

