202 ma carm ιΝ eceman. [14⁶-

bifurcate, calculata, capitulate, castigate, celebrate,
circumnavigata, coagulata, cogitate, cognate, collocate,

, commemorate, commensurate, compensate, complicata,
’ concatenate, conciliate, confabulate, confederata, con· η
· fiscate, conglomerate, conglutinate, congratulate, con-
gregate, connate (= cognate), consecrate, consolidate,
constipate, consummate, contaminate, contemplate,
coeperate, copulate, corroborate, corrugate, coruscate,
create, culminata, cultivate, cumulate, debilitate, de-
capitate, decimate, decorate, dedicate, desaltato (it
should be diffclcctc, as it comes from dissulcare, tc cut
away with a sickle), degenerate, delegate, deliberate,
delineata, demonstrate, denominate, deprecate, depre-
ciate, derogate, desecrate, desiccata, desolate, deterio-
. rate, detonate, devastate, deviate, dictate, dilapidata,
disconsolate‚ discriminate, dislocate, dissect, dissemi-
nate, dissipate, dissociata, dominata, duplicate, educate,
effeminate, eJ'aculate, elaborate, elevate, eliminate,
emaciate, emanate, emancipata, emasculate, emigrato,
emulate, enervate, enumerate, enunciata, eradicate,
eructate, estimate, evacuate, evaporate, eviscerate,
exacerbate, exaggerate, exasperata, excogitate, excom·
municate, excoriate, excruciate, exculpate, execrata,
exfcliate, exonerate, expatriate, expectorate, expurgate,
extenuate, exterminate, extirpate (for eccticpctc, irem
exstimare), extravasate, extricata, fabricate, fascinata,
flagellate, fluctuate, formulate, frustrate, fulminate, ἵ
fumigata, furcata, generate, gesticulate, gratulata,
hesitate, humiliate, illuminate, illustrate, imitate, im·
migrate, immolate, implicate, imprecate, inaugurate,
incarcerate, incorporate, incubate, inculcate, inculpate,

 

